README.md, before:

# Propulsion
Propulsion - Numerical recipes for (rocket) propulsion, including notes and solutions in LaTeX; **Cantera** implementations in *Python*

## Liquid-Vapor Equilibrium: 
### Clausius-Clapeyron Equation and Antoine Equation from NIST Chemistry Webbook

*Web-scrape* directly the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Chemistry Webbook for the Phase change data, and "clean" or format the data into the **Antoine Equation** and **Clausius-Clapeyron** relation.  

- Uses only the packages `Requests`, `BeautifulSoup`,`sympy`

You'll be able to make plots of the *Antoine Equation* and *Clausius-Clapeyron relation* like this, in this case for methane, CH_4:
![Clausius-Clapeyon relation vs. Antoine Equation for methane (CH_4), p (bar) vs. T(K)](https://ernestyalumni.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/methaneclausclapvsanteq.png?w=1000&h=&crop=1)

## Cantera

### `cantera_stuff` - examples (of usage) and implementations of Cantera
First, the folder [cantera_stuff](https://github.com/ernestyalumni/Propulsion/tree/master/cantera_stuff) contains an implementation in Python of the (useful) Matlab tutorial .m files/examples/ and (some of the) Matlab examples on the [Index of Examples](http://www.cantera.org/docs/sphinx/html/matlab/examples.html) of *Cantera Matlab Toolbox* (but it's now in **Python**). *See* the Cantera Matlab Toolbox examples page http://www.cantera.org/docs/sphinx/html/matlab/examples.html and compare it with the files in [cantera_stuff](https://github.com/ernestyalumni/Propulsion/tree/master/cantera_stuff).

#### (cantera) Tutorials
Of note are the tutorial files for *Cantera* (which I recommend that one works through):
- `tut1.py`
- `tut2.py`
- `tut3.py`
- `tut4.py`
- `tut5.py`
- `tut6.py`
- `tut7.py`
and 

#### (cantera) Examples
- `equil.py`

#### My own (EY's) Examples
- `LOXmeth_eq.py` 

`LOXmeth_eq.py` calculates, as a function of oxidizer/fuel O/F *mass* ratio, the adiabatic flame temperature, equilibrium molecular composition, mean molecular weight, ratio of specific heats, and characteristic velocity, of the combustion of oxidizer oxygen (O2) and methane (CH3).  This function is further generalized (called `equil_general`) to make other species be the oxidizer and fuel, such as dinitrogen tetraoxide (N2O4) and **hydrazine** (N2H4).  

## Physique
Physique is a (small) Python package for web scraping physical constants data and "data wrangling" or "cleaning" the data to use for Python pandas, as a pandas DataFrame object.

Commit message:

Added to README.md; commented on PRF_171.cti

README.md, after:

# Propulsion
Propulsion - Numerical recipes for (rocket) propulsion, including notes and solutions in LaTeX; **Cantera** implementations in *Python*

## Liquid-Vapor Equilibrium: 
### Clausius-Clapeyron Equation and Antoine Equation from NIST Chemistry Webbook

*Web-scrape* directly the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Chemistry Webbook for the Phase change data, and "clean" or format the data into the **Antoine Equation** and **Clausius-Clapeyron** relation.  

- Uses only the packages `Requests`, `BeautifulSoup`,`sympy`

You'll be able to make plots of the *Antoine Equation* and *Clausius-Clapeyron relation* like this, in this case for methane, CH_4:
![Clausius-Clapeyon relation vs. Antoine Equation for methane (CH_4), p (bar) vs. T(K)](https://ernestyalumni.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/methaneclausclapvsanteq.png?w=1000&h=&crop=1)

## Cantera

### `PRF_171.cti` added in cantera_stuff directory: .cti Cantera file for n-heptane, along with its Chemical Kinetics (!!!)

cf. Oku Nyong posted this file in his question on [Autoignition of Heptane in RCM](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/cantera-users/zxKsnG41jDM/SmL-2N9zCAAJ).  I added it to the subdirectory `cantera_stuff` of this same repository.  

### `cantera_stuff` - examples (of usage) and implementations of Cantera
First, the folder [cantera_stuff](https://github.com/ernestyalumni/Propulsion/tree/master/cantera_stuff) contains an implementation in Python of the (useful) Matlab tutorial .m files/examples/ and (some of the) Matlab examples on the [Index of Examples](http://www.cantera.org/docs/sphinx/html/matlab/examples.html) of *Cantera Matlab Toolbox* (but it's now in **Python**). *See* the Cantera Matlab Toolbox examples page http://www.cantera.org/docs/sphinx/html/matlab/examples.html and compare it with the files in [cantera_stuff](https://github.com/ernestyalumni/Propulsion/tree/master/cantera_stuff).

#### (cantera) Tutorials
Of note are the tutorial files for *Cantera* (which I recommend that one works through):
- `tut1.py`
- `tut2.py`
- `tut3.py`
- `tut4.py`
- `tut5.py`
- `tut6.py`
- `tut7.py`
and 

#### (cantera) Examples
- `equil.py`

#### My own (EY's) Examples
- `LOXmeth_eq.py` 

`LOXmeth_eq.py` calculates, as a function of oxidizer/fuel O/F *mass* ratio, the adiabatic flame temperature, equilibrium molecular composition, mean molecular weight, ratio of specific heats, and characteristic velocity, of the combustion of oxidizer oxygen (O2) and methane (CH3).  This function is further generalized (called `equil_general`) to make other species be the oxidizer and fuel, such as dinitrogen tetraoxide (N2O4) and **hydrazine** (N2H4).  

## Physique
Physique is a (small) Python package for web scraping physical constants data and "data wrangling" or "cleaning" the data to use for Python pandas, as a pandas DataFrame object.
